Lab - Search for Bios or UEFI Firmware updates = 3.1.2.5

Step 1
What key combination is used to run setup? F2

Step 2
Who is the manufacturer of the BIOS? ASrock
Which BIOS version is installed in your computer? B85 anniversary p1.60

Step 3
What is the current BIOS version available for the motherboard? 1.60
What features, if any, have been added to the new BIOS version? N/A
What changes, if any, have been made to the new BIOS version to fix problems? N/A
What are the instructions to update the new BIOS version? Vistaðu bius skjölin á usb disk, restartaðu tölfuni og ýttu á f6 og runnaðu “instant flash”

3.1.2.7 Lab - Install Third-Party Software in Windows

What is the default installation location for Packet Tracer?
C:/progranfiles/Cisco packet tracer 7.3.1/ 

Why does Microsoft recommend using Uninstall or change a program to remove an installed application? vegna þess að windows eyðir þá öllum tengdum skrám sem geta verið staðsettar annarstaðar.


10.2.1.8 Lab - Create a Partition in Windows

What type of File System is used on the NEW VOLUME (I:)? NTFS 

How much Free Space is shown? 1.98 gb

List the tabs found in the NEW VOLUME (I): Properties window? general, tools, hardwhere, shairing, security, customize, previous versions, ready boost, quota

What tabs are listed in the ITE Test Document Properties window? general, deatales, preveus versions

What happens if you do not run as administrator when you open the command prompt? accsess dennied...

What type of File System is used for the ITE (I:) drive? NTFS

What are the tabs in the ITE (I:) Properties window? general, tools, hardwhere, shairing, security, customize, previous versions, ready boost

When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added after the volume was converted to NTFS? securety og quota

What are the tabs in the ITE Test Document Properties window? general, security, deatales, previus versions

When the volume was FAT32, there were three tabs. What is the name of the new tab that was added after the volume was converted to NTFS? security

Why is there an additional Security tab in the properties window of documents stored on an NTFS volume? NTFS encryptar drifið betur en fat32


11.1.2.10 Lab - Explore the Windows Desktop

List some of the icons that are on the Desktop: recycle bin, google crome cisco packet tracer

What type of information is available on the Desktop and Taskbar? klukka, dagatal, net status

Name a few applications listed in the Start Menu: microsoft store, mail, office, microsoft edge

What are some of the available options? unpin from start, rezise, more, uninstall

What are the available options in the Taskbar settings? lock the task bar, use small task bar buttons, task bar location on screen

What are the available options in the Task View settings? show cortana button, show task view button, show tuch keybord button

What happened? það opnar annað instace af forritinu

List some examples of system information below: your defult browser was reset, an app defult was reset

What can you do in the Notification & actions Settings window? valið hvaða öpp meiga senda notifycations og velja hvar og hverng þau byrtast


11.1.4.11 Lab - Working with File Explorer

What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop? hún hverfur af desktopinu þegar hún færist yfir í flder1

What is the file extension for the text document? .txt

How would you do it? velja fileinn og copía hann, fara inn í foderinn og pastea.

What are the attributes associated with this file? name, type, folder path, size, date created, date modified, atrebutes, owner, computer

What is the complete path to Folder3? C:\Users\notandi\Desktop\folder1\folder2

In Windows 8.x and 10, which directories are listed under Folders?

What happened? Why would you want to do this? það pinnast undir quick accsess, til að komast fjlótar í möpunna

What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)? notandi, public

Were you able to open it? Explain. já, við gátum það

Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory: Public Documents, Public Downloads, Public Music, Public Pictures, Public videos

Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading? camera roll, documents, music, pictusres, dsaved pictures, videos

How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer? fara í manige library og remove með folder1 valna

+
11.2.1.5 Lab - Explore Control Panel Categories

What are the viewing options? catigory, large icons, small icons

Name a few of the Control Panel categories. user accounts, programs, hardwhere and sound

Which subcategory would help you troubleshoot common problems? troupleshoot common computer problems

Which subcategory allow a program through Windows Firewall? allow an app trough windows firewall

Which subcategory allows you to view the basic network information and set up connections? view network status and tasks

Which subcategory allows you to choose what happens when you insert a media or device? divice maniger

Which subcategory allows you to add a printer? add divice

Which subcategory would you use to have a specific file type always open in a specified program? change defult settings for medeia or divice

Which subcategory would you use to uninstall a program? uninstall a program

Which subcategory would you use to install the Windows telnet client? turn windows features on or off

Which subcategory would you use change the account type from administrator to standard? change account type

Which subcategory would you use to view, edit, or remove the web and Windows credentials? remuve user accounts

Which subcategory would you use to customize the Taskbar? navigation properties

Which subcategory would you use to show hidden files and folders? show hidden files and folders

Which subcategory would you use to show extensions for known file types? show or hide file extentions

Which subcategory would you use to change the time zone? change the time zone

Which subcategory would you use to change date format? change date, time or number format

Which subcategory would you use to synchronize the time on a computer with a specific web server on the Internet? add clocks or different time zones/internet time

Which subcategory would you use to configure the computer to read aloud any text on the screen? dictation

Which subcategory would you use to improve the computer’s ability to understand your voice and improve the dictation accuracy? start speach recognition

11.2.2.3 Lab - User Accounts

What is the advantage of having most users work within a Standard user account? triggir að aðrir notendur breyti ekki mikilvægum stillingum

For this lab, select Delete Files. What are the other options? When would you choose the other options? keep files, ef userinn innihelfdur verðmæt gögn sem maður vill eiga ennþá myndi maður velja að halda þeim

Why is it important to protect all accounts with strong passwords? vegna þess að ef komið er upp um eitt lykilorð er hægt að komast inn í aðra usera á tölfunni og jafnvel inn á allt kerfið.

Why would you create a user with Standard privileges? fyrir notanda sem ætti ekki að hafa aðgang að viðkvæmum stillingum.

In what type of situation would an IT administrator delete a user account and choose to keep the files of that user account instead of deleting them? t.d. ef einhver hættir starfi og hefur en vinnu inn á sínum user

11.2.5.8 Lab - Manage Virtual Memory

What is the current size of the virtual memory (paging file)? 1920 MB

What Drive [Volume Label] contains the paging file? C:

What is the recommended paging file size for all drives? 1879 MB

What Drive [Volume Label] contains the paging file? D:

Why would you ever change the default virtual memory page file settings in Windows? t.d. ef maður vill stækka plássið sem tölfan getur notað sem virtual ram

11.2.6.2 Lab - Use Device Manager

What information is listed in the Device Manager window? Why would you use it? listað öllum tengdum vélbúnað og driveum. þú notar þennan glugga til að uppfæra drivera.

Browse through the menus displayed at the top of the Device Manager window. Ho would you install
driver software for an older device that may not be automatically recognized by the Windows operating system? þá væri hægt að finna tækið á netinu og finna þar nýja driverinn

What additional information does Driver Details provide? driver provider, driver date, driver version, digital signer

What two options do you have for updating the driver? update driver, roll back driver

What does the Roll Back Driver button do? The Roll Back Driver can be grayed out on your computer, why would it be grayed out? það eyðir núverandi driver út og installar svo síðast instalaða driver. það er stundum "grayed out" vegna þess að það getur haft skaðlegar afleiðingar

What are the other available options? driver deatails, dissable device og uninstall device


11.3.1.11 Lab - Monitor and Manage System Resources

What is the status of the service? Stopped

Record the Windows Defender status: Stopped

In the General tab, what is listed as the Source of the event? What is the severity level? Updated Windows Defender status successfully to SECURITY_PRODUCT_STATE_ON. severity level er: information

In Notepad, click File > Print. Record a listed printer below: microseft print to PDF og Microsoft xps Document writer

What message did you receive? How would you fix this? "befor you can preform printer related tasks such as page setup or printing a document, you need to install a printer. do you want to install a printer now?", kveikja á print spooler service-inu

When DHCP Client stops, what other services will also be stopped? IP helper, Win HTTP web proxy Auto-Discovery Service og Network Location Awarness

Why is it important to exercise care when managing services? þú gætir slögt á mikilvægum eiginleikum tölfunar 

What is the full path name to the example file name? C:\PerfLogs\DESKTOP-4N3Q8RK_20210127-000001\DataCollector01.csv

What does the column farthest to the right show? fjölda lausra megabæta


11.3.2.7 Lab - System Utilities

What was the path you use to navigate to the Event Viewer? manigement tools\computer management(local)\system tools\event viewer

What is the background picture? Cachedimage_1920_1080_Pos4.jpg

What is the data value of the Background? 0.0.255

What is the data value of the Background? 0.0.255

What is the data value of the Background? 255.0.0

What is the data value of the Background? 255.0.0

What is the color of the desktop? blár

What is the color of the desktop? rauður

Why would it be beneficial to add snap-ins to the mmc that are for other computers on the network? af því að þá getur þú stjornað öllum tölfunum frá einni

After restarting the computer, why was the desktop color changed? af því að það checkar ekki á hvort að það hafi breyst fyrr en við restörtum


11.3.2.8 Lab - Manage System Files

Processor: intel(R) Core(TM) i3-4160 CPU @ 3.60Hz, 2600Mhx, 2 core(s), 4 Logical Prosessor(s)

BIOS Version/Date: American Megatrends Inc. P1.60, 12/22/2015

Total Physical Memory: 7.68GB

DMA channels and the device using the resources: Channel 4, Direct memory accsess controller
  
Adapter Description: Intel(R) HD Graphics 4400

Adapter RAM: 1.00 GB (1,073,721,824 bytes)

Under the Software Environment heading, where would you find the applications that automatically load when the computer boots? Startup programs

What are the startup options? normal setup, diagnostic startup og selective startup

Can you enable and disable services at this tab? já

What can you do in this tab? keyra windows tools 

What does this tool report? kerfis upplýsingar

What information is listed on this page? device og driver information

What information is listed on this page? device og driver information

What information is listed on this page? derect input divices og input related divices 

What information is listed on these extra tabs? nan

Why would it be beneficial to turn off a service in the system configuration? 

When would you use the startup tab of the system configuration tool?


11.4.1.5 Lab - Work in the Windows Command Shell

What happens when you press enter? það sínir næstu línu

How would you create these folders C:\Users\ITEUser\a\b\c if your current directory is C:\Users\ITEUser? mkdir a; cd a; mkdir b; cd b; mkdir c 

What command would you use to verify the creation of the nested directories? C:\Users\ITEUsers> tree

What command did you use? cls

What is the last command that you have used? cls

Press up arrow to display the last command used. cls


11.4.2.7 Lab - File System Commands

What is the current directory? C:\Users\ITEUsers

Which folder are you in now? C:\Users\ITEUsers\ITEfolder3

What command or commands did you use to create the nested folders? md ITEfolder4; cd ITEfolder4; md ITEfolder5

After issuing the cd .. command, what is your directory now? C:\Users\ITEUsers\ITEfolder3\ITEfolder4

What would be the current directory if you issue this command at C:\Users\ITEUser\ITEfolder3\ITEFolder4? C:\Users\ITEUser\ITEfolder3

What single command would you use to delete all the files with doc2 in the filename? del *Dock2 

What command would you use to delete all the files in the directory? del *

What option allows you to copy all the files and directories, including the empty directories? xcopy ..\ITEfolder1 /E

Were you able to delete the directory? Explain. yebs..

What are the advantages of using CLI vs. GUI? GUI kerfi eru oft hægvirkari og það er auðvelt að búa til skriptur til að flíta fyrir manni þegar maður notar CLI, það þarf minna minni fyrir CLI

What is the option to fix errors on the drive? /F

What is the option to force the volume to dismount first if necessary? /X

What is the option to locate bad sectors and recover readable information? /R

What happened? Explain. það gaf upp upplýsingar um diskinn

What is the file system of the drive? NTFS

Enter list partition to list all the partitions on the disk. How many partitions are on the disk?  4

What option is used to determine the maximum number of bytes that the volume can be shrink by? querymax

What is the maximum number of reclaimable bytes? 302MB 


11.4.4.2 Lab - Task and System CLI Commands

What command would you use to display the results of tasklist one page at a time? tasklist | more 

What is the option to list the modules that are associated with a task? /m

What command would you use if you want to find all the tasks that use the module oleaut32.dll? List a few tasks that uses oleaut32.dll: tasklist /m. onleaut32.dll, WmiPricSE.exe, chrome.exe

What command would you use to find out all the tasks that are associated with your username? error

What command would you use to find out all the processes that have been running for more than 1 hour and 40 minutes? cpu time

What command would you use if you wanted to terminate all process owned by a particular user? /u

What option would you use if you only wanted to scan the integrity of all the protected system files? sfc /VERIFYONLY

What would you add to the command so you can view the output one page at a time? | more

Enter the command to log off your computer. Record the command below. shutdown /l

Record the command below. What warning message did you see? shutdown /s /t      you're about to be signed out, windows will shut down in 2 minutes. 

What command would you use to abort the shutdown? shutdown /a

When does the password expire? 17 mars 2021




 

